we have a look at the
undercarriage look for dead
sharks the Fila dead sharks are
going to feel some pressure to
compression either feeling good
one of our where parts and snow
machines are built you can burn
them up custom blowing all kind
of things happen built so we
always travel with a spare these
are our guide rods these are
down this known when I turn
these are the right to make it
turn these are essential to
steering so I was check the
guide rods could take it out and
give it a real right on open it
up with all the shakedown you go
out and find out what's wrong
long as we can you know anywhere
from 10 to 20 mile ride a good
shake down here we're always get
ready for winter just started a
rumor is just froze up we've had
some really cool temperatures
time using machines so we've got
a prepared every time we get a
chance you know you just go out
and get it ready again nat gas
check your bills just a very
routine thing to drive train my
undercarriage shows good my
drive train sounds good my
engine is sounding good now go
take it for a ride across the
tundra which is a much more
torturous place for snow machine